Add documentation on ipython debugging (#3579)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/notebooks_and_ipython/kedro_and_notebooks.md

For more details, run `%reload_kedro?`.

## Useful to know (for advanced users)
Each Kedro project has its own Jupyter kernel so you can switch between Kedro projects from a single Jupyter instance by selecting the appropriate kernel.

> If a Jupyter kernel with the name `kedro_<package_name>` already exists then it is replaced. This ensures that the kernel always points to the correct Python executable. For example, if you change conda environment in a Kedro project then you should re-run `kedro jupyter notebook` to replace the kernel specification with one that points to the new environment.

Reviewer: I'd invert this pair of sentences. 

```suggestion
To ensure that a Jupyter kernel always points to the correct Python executable, if one already exists with the same name `kedro_<package_name>`, then it is replaced. 
```

You can use the `jupyter kernelspec` set of commands to manage your Jupyter kernels. For example, to remove a kernel, run `jupyter kernelspec remove <kernel_name>`.

### Debugging with %debug and %pdb

 You can use the `%debug` [line magic](https://ipython.readthedocs.io/en/stable/interactive/magics.html#magic-debug) to launch an interactive debugger in your Jupyter notebook. Declare it before a single-line statement to step through the execution in debug mode. You can use the argument `--breakpoint` or `-b` to provide a breakpoint.

> Running `%debug` immediately after an error has occurred will:

Reviewer: Avoid future tense. 

```suggestion
The follow sequence occurs when `%debug` runs immediately after an error occurs:
```

>  - Load the stack trace of the last unhandled exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The stack trace of the last unhandled exception loads.
```

Reviewer: Even better if you can remove passive tense, but I don't know the name of the thing that loads the stack trace. Maybe 

```suggestion
- The debugger loads the stack trace for the last unhandled exception.
```

>  - Stop the program at the point where the exception occurred.

Reviewer: Likewise for these two steps. Rephrase to remove passive tense if possible and match tense.

 - Open an interactive shell where the user can navigate through the stack trace.

 You can then inspect the value of expressions and arguments, or add breakpoints to the code.

<details>
<summary>Click to see an example.</summary>

![jupyter_ipython_debug_command](../meta/images/jupyter_ipython_debug_command.gif)

</details>

---

> You can set up the debugger to run automatically when an exception occurs by using the `%pdb` [line magic](https://ipython.readthedocs.io/en/stable/interactive/magics.html#magic-pdb). This automatic behavior can be enabled with `%pdb 1` or `%pdb on` before executing a program, and disabled with `%pdb 0` or `%pdb off`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set up the debugger to run automatically when an exception occurs by using the `%pdb` [line magic](https://ipython.readthedocs.io/en/stable/interactive/magics.html#magic-pdb). This automatic behaviour can be enabled with `%pdb 1` or `%pdb on` before executing a program, and disabled with `%pdb 0` or `%pdb off`.
```

<details>
<summary>Click to see an example.</summary>

 ![jupyter_ipython_pdb_command](../meta/images/jupyter_ipython_pdb_command.gif)

</details>

---

> Below are some examples of the possible commands that can be used to interact with the ipdb shell:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some examples of the possible commands that can be used to interact with the ipdb shell are as follows:
```

You can use the `jupyter kernelspec` set of commands to manage your Jupyter kernels. For example, to remove a kernel, run `jupyter kernelspec remove <kernel_name>`.

### Debugging with %debug and %pdb

> 

Reviewer: It's a really long sentence, is there a way to shorten this, perhaps by using bullets?

 `%debug` will run post-mortem debugging using IPython. Running `%debug` immediately after an error has occurred will load the stack trace of the last unhandled exception, stop the program at the point where the exception occurred, and open an interactive shell where the user can navigate through the stack trace. Then, the user can inspect the value of expressions and arguments, or add breakpoints to the code.

![jupyter_ipython_debug_command](../meta/images/jupyter_ipython_debug_command.gif)

>  Running `%pdb` before executing the program will enable the option to automatically start a debugger when an exception occurs. This behavior can be enabled with `%pdb 1` or `%pdb on`, and disabled with `%pdb 0` or `%pdb off`.

Reviewer: Is there a clearer way to say this? For example:

```suggestion
You can set up the deubgger to run automatically when an exception occurs by running `%pdb 1` or `%pdb on` before executing a program. This automatic behaviour can be disabled with `%pdb 0` or `%pdb off`.

You can use the `jupyter kernelspec` set of commands to manage your Jupyter kernels. For example, to remove a kernel, run `jupyter kernelspec remove <kernel_name>`.

### Debugging with %debug and %pdb

>  `%debug` will run post-mortem debugging using IPython. Running `%debug` immediately after an error has occurred will:

Reviewer 2: Additionally, `debug` can be used not just for post-mortem, but to run a line or cell in debug mode from the get-go. I don't think it would be a miss to include those details as well - I had a brief description in [this commit](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/pull/3579/commits/b7ad523b0c72461cdd40e7a85d05b818028e5249#diff-fc0375e3319c0a3fc553add23334fff3fd5dc8df14d02be33d88ad04b6efd6a4); I'm not tied to the wording or structuring, but I do think the content should feature somewhere in this section.

 - Load the stack trace of the last unhandled exception.
 - Stop the program at the point where the exception occurred.
 - Open an interactive shell where the user can navigate through the stack trace.

 You can then inspect the value of expressions and arguments, or add breakpoints to the code.

<details>
<summary>Click to see an example.</summary>

![jupyter_ipython_debug_command](../meta/images/jupyter_ipython_debug_command.gif)

</details>

---

> You can set up the deubgger to run automatically when an exception occurs by running `%pdb 1` or `%pdb on` before executing a program. This automatic behaviour can be disabled with `%pdb 0` or `%pdb off`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can set up the debugger to run automatically when an exception occurs by running `%pdb 1` or `%pdb on` before executing a program. This automatic behaviour can be disabled with `%pdb 0` or `%pdb off`.
```

</details>

---

Below are some examples of the possible commands that can be used to interact with the ipdb shell:

| Command           | Description                                           |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| `list`            | Show the current location in the file                 |
| `h(elp)`          | Show a list of commands, or find help on a specific command |
| `q(uit)`          | Quit the debugger and the program                     |
| `c(ontinue)`      | Quit the debugger, continue in the program             |
| `n(ext)`          | Go to the next step of the program                     |
| `<enter>`         | Repeat the previous command                            |
| `p(rint)`         | Print variables                                       |
| `s(tep)`          | Step into a subroutine                                |
| `r(eturn)`        | Return out of a subroutine                            |
| `b(reak)`         | Insert a breakpoint                                   |
| `a(rgs)`          | Print the argument list of the current function        |

> For more information, use the `help` command in the debugger, or take a look at ipdb's [online documentation](https://github.com/gotcha/ipdb).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, use the `help` command in the debugger, or take a look at the [ipdb documentation](https://github.com/gotcha/ipdb).
```

I feel a little hesitant to call this documentation, @stichbury any suggestions here?

You can use the `jupyter kernelspec` set of commands to manage your Jupyter kernels. For example, to remove a kernel, run `jupyter kernelspec remove <kernel_name>`.

### Debugging with %debug and %pdb

 `%debug` will run post-mortem debugging using IPython. Running `%debug` immediately after a `run`command that stopped on an error will load the stack trace and of the last unhandled exception, and will stop the program at the point where the exception occurred.

 Example output:

 ```ipython
 > /home/kedro/project-name/src/project_name/pipelines/data_science/nodes.py(25)split_data()
     23     )
     24     value = 10
---> 25     incorrect = value / 0
     26     print(incorrect)
     27
 ```

 Running `%pdb` before executing the program will enable the option to automatically start a debugger when an exception occurs. This behavior can be enabled with `%pdb 1` or `%pdb on`, and disabled with `%pdb 0` or `%pdb off`.

 ### Interactive debugging with Ipython pdb

 Starting the debugger with either of the methods above will open an interactive shell where the user can navigate through the stack trace, inspect the value of expressions and arguments, or add breakpoints to the code.

>  [I think we should add some visual examples here, with images or maybe video showing the commands. Maybe add a cheat sheet. Maybe a command cheat sheet, which is easier to read than using the help function on the shell itself]

Reviewer 3: Agreed 👍🏽 a short GIF can go a long way
